Category	Question	Answer
Events	Voting on and signing for independence was incredibly risky as it would have been considered an act of what against the British Crown?	Treason
Events	During which war did the United States hide the original Declaration of Independence for protection?	World War II
Events	What date in 1776 was the Declaration of Independence signed on?	August 2
Events	What is the first word of the text of the Declaration of Independence?	When
Events	Which American legislative body created the Declaration of Independence?	Second Continental Congress
Events	How many copies were printed on July 5, 1776?	200
Events	On which date in 1776 did New York finally agree to vote on independence?	July 9
Events	What 2015 3-night miniseries on the History channel depicted events leading to the signing of the Declaration of Independence?	Sons of Liberty
Independence Day	When was the first official Independence Day celebrated? (Please enter in MM/DD/YYYY)	07/04/1777
Independence Day	What was the first state to make Independence Day a state holiday?	Massachusetts
Independence Day	The tradition of fireworks actually comes from the first Independence Day celebration in what city?	Philadelphia
Independence Day	What day in 1776 did the Continental Congress officially declare freedom from Britain? (HINT: It is not July 4)	July 2
Independence Day	Who is the only US president to have been born on Independence Day?	Calvin Coolidge
Independence Day	On the Centennial celebration of July 4, 1876, how many states were there in the Union?	37
People	Who was the first signer of the Declaration of Independence?	John Hancock
People	Who physically wrote the Declaration of Independence?	Thomas Jefferson
People	Who was the oldest person to sign the Declaration of Independence?	Benjamin Franklin
People	Who was the last signer of the Declaration of Independence?	Thomas McKean
People	What was the name of the printer who Congress ordered the original copies from?	John Dunlap
People	Which New York delegate helped author the Declaration of Independence but was unable to sign?	Robert Livingston
People	Which representative made the motion: 'That these United Colonies are, and of right out to be, free and independent States, that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown'?	Richard Henry Lee
People	Which New Jersey signer, who now has a university named after them in the state, was captured and imprisoned by the British very close to his home in Princeton?	Richard Stockton
Places	What city was the Declaration of Independence signed?	Philadelphia
Places	Declaration of Independence signers John Adams, Samuel Adams, John Hancock, Robert Treat Paine, and Elbridge Gerry represented what colony?	Massachusetts
Places	Which European power did the Thirteen Colonies express a desire to break away from?	Great Britain
Places	This colony had the smallest number of signers - 2.	Rhode Island
Places	The primary author of the Declaration of Independence was from which colony?	Virginia
Places	Although today it is called the first state, initially the 3 signers from this colony had to convince the people to support independence.	Delaware
Places	Who became the first colony to openly declare independence with the Halifax Resolves in April of 1776?	North Carolina
Places	This colony had the largest number of signers - 9.	Pennsylvania
Places	In what colony did riots break out when George Washington read the Declaration in public on July 9, 1776?	New York
Places	Roger Sherman, who also later signed the Articles of Confederation and the Constitution, was from which colony?	Connecticut
Independence Day	This is a test question	This is a test answer	